New York is the home of rod way and
there are lots of new musical
adaptations happening right now they'll
take something and they make it into a
musical like pretty woman King Kong Mean
Girls is a show opening based on the
life of Cher so we decided to have a
little bit of fun with that we came up
with a fake musical based on a real
local event something that was a movie
as well The Miracle on the Hudson the
story of flight 1549 and the heroic
captain Sully Sullenberger we made up a
poster and we went to the theater
district and asked people on the street
to give us a positive review you know
those commercials where people say how
great the play was well we asked them to
do that for a play that does not exist
and with that said it's time for the
first-ever edition of fraud way
we're shooting one of those commercials
where people come out of the theater and
they talk about a show they just saw
you've seen those commercials yes yes
this is a play that hasn't come out yet
called Hudson we have a problem starring
Matthew Broderick as Captain Sully
Sullenberger based on the Miracle on the
Hudson you need to be afraid and just
look in there and act like you just came
out of the show and talk about how great
it was oh my god it was fantastic I
can't believe the action I can't believe
the acting it was out of this world I
actually saw the plane going down the
Hudson at the time so it was like
reliving my history it was awesome
everything about the show was amazing
like the set because if everything was
so good I can't believe I want to see it
again
I found the use of the n-word surprising
but tasteful sometimes you need to raise
issues so that you can discuss them talk
a little bit about the scene where Sully
goes and visits the gooses wife and has
to tell her that he's not coming home
well it was really there was some really
shaky moments in there when Sully
Sullivan had to go talk to the gooses
wife and explain to him that he had
perished and he wasn't going to make it
back to the family that was a
heart-wrenching
moment in the play we had great seats
were right at the Frog the whole stage
was filled with water and we got
splashed through completely so doing the
splash zone we were in the splash zone
yeah that's good
you mind if we splash it with a little
water dude yeah throw water in your face
again okay great I was in the splash
zone that's too late and you missed them
I was in the splash zone
no that's way too you got to come
because you said it was great you know
was made pretty great I was in the
splash zone it was great
or it was great I was in the splash zone
I'll say I'll say I was in the splash
zone
it was great perfect I was in the splash
zone and then we splashed Felix but I
asked Felix where you from I'm from the
Bronx New York we're trying to appeal to
a bunch of different demographics and
occupations of local people can we get
you to put in a couple outfits it'll be
really quick all right as a pilot from
Prospect Park this play was a smooth
flight together as a barista from
Bensonhurst this play was Grande yeah
baby as a janitor from Jersey City I was
mopping up my tears as a welder for
Williamsburg this show and hot stuff as
a beekeeper from Bay Ridge
this showed at the audience buzzing as a
party clown from Chinatown this show is
a greatest show on earth as a priest
from Penn Station
this show is heavenly as a rabbi from
Rockaway this show is a mr. Fogg at the
perfect from Poughkeepsie this show
makes my nipples hot didn't even mind it
was the mustache ride of a lifetime it's
a bird it's a plane it's
Wow there you go wine you know we have a
couple of the stars of Broadway here in
our audience tonight
thank you for being so malleable the
last thing we want to do is make you
guys into liars on television so here
now to bring our goose beam fantasy to
life with the opening number from the
soon-to-be Broadway sensation please
welcome two-time Tony Award winner
Matthew Broderick and the cast of Hudson
we have a problem
[Applause]
good afternoon this is your captain
Sully Sullenberger we've got clear skies
ahead so sit back relax and enjoy the
flight because nothing bad can happen
when you're up in the sky what a
beautiful day for a flight not a cloud
or a sea bird in sight nothing can go
wrong but it feels so right it's a
beautiful day
beautiful day if you look to your right
you'll see the majestic Hudson River
wave goodbye you will be seeing that
body of water again for a while
[Music]
[Applause]
oh look how blue the sky is how bright
the Sun is nothing bad huh could ever
happen on a day like today what a
beautiful day don't forget your worries
slap on a grin
we'll never get sucked into a jet engine
our beats are orange and our feathers
are wide and it's a beautiful day let's
all fly with our eyes closed pay
attention that I just got a great idea
I'm gonna fly with my eyes closed
because it's a wonderful fabulous
absolutely wonderful
Oh
[Music]
someone get Tom Hanks on the horn I've
got a movie idea
[Applause]
[Music]
we'll see you guys at the Tony Awards
congratulations on making it to the end
of the YouTube video why not celebrate
by clicking the subscribe button you
earned it